 Skip to main content
 Skip to Ask Learn chat experience
 This browser is no longer supported.
 Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.
 Download Microsoft Edge
 More info about Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge
 Table of contents
 Exit editor mode
 Ask Learn
 Ask Learn
 Reading mode
 Table of contents
 Read in English
 Add
 Add to Plans
 Edit
 Copy Markdown
 Print
 Note
 Access to this page requires authorization. You can try signing in or changing directories .
 Access to this page requires authorization. You can try changing directories .
 Artifact Signing trust models
 Feedback
 Summarize this article for me
 In this article
 This article explains the concept of trust models, the primary trust models that Artifact Signing provides, and how to use them in a wide variety of signing scenarios that Artifact Signing supports.
 Trust models
 A trust model defines the rules and mechanisms for validating digital signatures and ensuring the security of communications in a digital environment. Trust models define how trust is established and maintained within entities in a digital ecosystem.
 For signature consumers like publicly trusted code signing for Microsoft Windows applications, trust models depend on signatures that have certificates from a Certification Authority (CA) that is part of the Microsoft Root Certificate Program . For this reason, Artifact Signing trust models are designed primarily to support Windows Authenticode signing and security features that use code signing on Windows (for example, Smart App Control and Windows Defender Application Control ).
 Artifact Signing provides two primary trust models to support a wide variety of signature consumption ( validations ):
 Public Trust
 Private Trust
 Note
 You aren't limited to applying the trust models that are used in the signing scenarios described in this article. Artifact Signing was designed to support Windows and Authenticode code signing and Application Control for Windows features. It broadly supports other signing and trust models beyond Windows.
 Public Trust model
 Public Trust is one of the two trust models that are provided in Artifact Signing and is the most commonly used model. The certificates in the Public Trust model are issued from the Microsoft Identity Verification Root Certificate Authority 2020 and comply with the Microsoft PKI Services Third-Party Certification Practice Statement (CPS) . This root CA is included in a relying party's root certificate program, such as the Microsoft Root Certificate Program , for code signing and time stamping.
 Public Trust resources in Artifact Signing are designed to support the following signing scenarios and security features:
 Win32 app code signing
 Smart App Control in Windows 11
 /INTEGRITYCHECK forced integrity signing for portable executable (PE) binaries
 Virtualization-based security (VBS) enclaves
 We recommend using Public Trust to sign any artifact you intend to share publicly. The signer should be a validated identity with Artifact Signing. Apps signed with Artifact Signing's Public Trust model result in users enjoy a productive experience on Windows with modern security protection features enabled such as Smart App Control and SmartScreen.
 Note
 Artifact Signing includes options for "test" certificate profiles under the Public Trust collection, but the certificates are not publicly trusted. The Public Trust Test certificate profiles are intended to be used for inner-loop dev/test signing and should not be trusted.
 Private Trust model
 Private Trust is the second trust model that's provided in Artifact Signing. It's for opt-in trust when signatures aren't broadly trusted across the ecosystem. The CA hierarchy that's used for Artifact Signing Private Trust resources isn't default-trusted in any root program and in Windows. Rather, it's designed to use in App Control for Business (formerly Windows Defender Application Control, WDAC ) features, including:
 Use code signing for added control and protection with WDAC
 Use signed policies to protect Windows Defender Application Control against tampering
 Optional: Create a code signing cert for Windows Defender Application Control
 For more information about how to configure and sign WDAC policies by using an Artifact Signing reference, see the Artifact Signing quickstart .
 Next step
 Set up Artifact Signing
 Feedback
 Was this page helpful?
 Yes
 No
 No
 Need help with this topic?
 Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
 Ask Learn
 Ask Learn
 Suggest a fix?
 Additional resources
 Last updated on
 2026-01-08
 In this article
 Was this page helpful?
 Need help with this topic?
 Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
 Ask Learn
 Ask Learn
 Suggest a fix?
 en-us
 Your Privacy Choices
 Theme
 Light
 Dark
 High contrast
 AI Disclaimer
 Previous Versions
 Blog
 Contribute
 Privacy
 Consumer Health Privacy
 Terms of Use
 Trademarks
 © Microsoft 2026
