 Skip to main content
 Skip to Ask Learn chat experience
 This browser is no longer supported.
 Upgrade to Microsoft Edge to take advantage of the latest features, security updates, and technical support.
 Download Microsoft Edge
 More info about Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge
 Table of contents
 Exit editor mode
 Ask Learn
 Ask Learn
 Reading mode
 Table of contents
 Read in English
 Add
 Add to Plans
 Edit
 Copy Markdown
 Print
 Note
 Access to this page requires authorization. You can try signing in or changing directories .
 Access to this page requires authorization. You can try changing directories .
 What is Artifact Signing?
 Feedback
 Summarize this article for me
 In this article
 Certificate signing can be a challenge for organizations. The process involves getting certificates, securing them, and operationalizing a secure way to integrate certificates into build pipelines.
 Artifact Signing is a Microsoft fully managed, end-to-end signing solution that simplifies the certificate signing process and helps partner developers more easily build and distribute applications. Artifact Signing is part of the Microsoft commitment to an open, inclusive, and secure ecosystem.
 Features
 The Artifact Signing service:
 Simplifies the signing process through an intuitive experience in Azure.
 Provides zero-touch certificate lifecycle management inside FIPS 140-3 level 3 certified HSMs.
 Integrates with leading developer toolsets.
 Supports Public Trust, Private Trust, virtualization-based security (VBS) enclave, code integrity (CI) policy, and test signing scenarios.
 Supports integration with external timestamping services.
 Offers content-confidential signing. Your file never leaves your endpoint, and you get digest signing that is fast and reliable.
 Resource structure
 The following figure shows a high-level overview of the Artifact Signing resource structure:
 You create a resource group in an Azure subscription. Then you create an Artifact Signing account inside the resource group.
 An Artifact Signing account contains two resources:
 Identity validation
 Certificate profile
 You can choose between two types of accounts:
 Basic SKU
 Premium SKU
 Related content
 Learn more about the Artifact Signing resource structure .
 Learn more about signing integrations for Artifact Signing.
 Complete the quickstart to set up Artifact Signing .
 Feedback
 Was this page helpful?
 Yes
 No
 No
 Need help with this topic?
 Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
 Ask Learn
 Ask Learn
 Suggest a fix?
 Additional resources
 Last updated on
 2026-05-12
 In this article
 Was this page helpful?
 Need help with this topic?
 Want to try using Ask Learn to clarify or guide you through this topic?
 Ask Learn
 Ask Learn
 Suggest a fix?
 en-us
 Your Privacy Choices
 Theme
 Light
 Dark
 High contrast
 AI Disclaimer
 Previous Versions
 Blog
 Contribute
 Privacy
 Consumer Health Privacy
 Terms of Use
 Trademarks
 © Microsoft 2026
