 Skip to main content
 GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, & Team
 Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot
 Select language: current language is English
 Search or ask Copilot Search or ask Copilot
 Open menu
 Collapse sidebar Expand sidebar
 Scroll breadcrumbs left Home
 Repositories
 Work with files
 Managing large files
 Large files
 Scroll breadcrumbs right
 Repositories
 Create & manage repositories
 About repositories
 Best practices
 Quickstart for repositories
 Repository limits
 Creating a new repository
 Access to repositories
 Create from a template
 Create a template repo
 Issues-only repository
 Duplicating a repository
 Cloning a repository
 Troubleshooting cloning errors
 Renaming a repository
 Transferring a repository
 Deleting a repository
 Restore deleted repository
 View all repositories
 Manage repository settings
 Repository access and collaboration
 Invite collaborators
 Remove a collaborator
 Repository permissions
 Remove yourself
 Ownership continuity
 Customize your repository
 About READMEs
 Licensing a repository
 Display a sponsor button
 Social media preview
 Classify with topics
 About code owners
 Repository languages
 About CITATION files
 Enable features
 Disabling issues
 Disabling pull requests
 Disable projects
 Manage GitHub Actions settings
 Discussions
 Security & analysis
 Actions policies
 About Actions policies
 Workflow execution protections
 Manage repository settings
 Repository visibility
 Teams & people
 Manage the forking policy
 Manage pull request reviews
 Manage default branch name
 Manage the commit signoff policy
 Manage the push policy
 Managing Git LFS objects in archives
 Email notifications for pushes
 Configure autolinks
 Manage auto-closing issues
 Branches and merges
 Manage branches
 View branches
 Renaming a branch
 Change the default branch
 Delete & restore branches
 Configure PR merges
 About merge methods
 Configure commit merging
 Configure commit squashing
 Configure commit rebasing
 Managing merge queue
 Manage branch updates
 Manage auto merge
 Automatic branch deletion
 Manage protected branches
 About protected branches
 Branch protection rule
 Manage rulesets
 About rulesets
 Create a ruleset
 Manage a ruleset
 Convert to rulesets
 Available rules
 Troubleshooting
 Work with files
 Managing files
 Creating new files
 Add a file
 Move a file
 Edit files
 Renaming a file
 Delete files
 How changed files appear
 Using files
 Navigating code on GitHub
 View and understand files
 Permanent links to files
 Source code archives
 Working with non-code files
 Download files
 Managing large files
 Large files
 Git Large File Storage
 Install Git LFS
 Configure Git LFS
 Collaboration
 Move a file to Git LFS
 Remove files
 Resolve upload failures
 Release projects
 About releases
 Manage releases
 View releases & tags
 Searching releases
 Linking to releases
 Comparing releases
 Automated release notes
 Automate release forms
 View activity and data
 View deployment activity
 About repository graphs
 Using Pulse
 View repository traffic
 View project contributors
 Analyze changes
 Connections between repositories
 Using the activity view
 Archive a repository
 Archiving repositories
 Archive content & data
 Reference & cite content
 Backing up a repository
 About large files on GitHub
 GitHub limits the size of files you can track in regular Git repositories. Learn how to track or remove files that are beyond the limit.
 Platform navigation
 Mac
 Windows
 Linux
 Copy as Markdown
 In this article
 About size limits on GitHub
 Removing files from a repository's history
 Distributing large binaries
 About size limits on GitHub
 GitHub tries to provide abundant storage for all Git repositories, although there are hard limits for file and repository sizes. To ensure performance and reliability for our users, we actively monitor signals of overall repository health. Repository health is a function of various interacting factors, including size, commit frequency, contents, and structure.
 File size limits
 GitHub limits the size of files allowed in repositories. If you attempt to add or update a file that is larger than 50 MiB, you will receive a warning from Git. The changes will still successfully push to your repository, but you can consider removing the commit to minimize performance impact. For more information, see Removing files from a repository's history .
 Note
 If you add a file to a repository via a browser, the file can be no larger than 25 MiB. For more information, see Adding a file to a repository .
 GitHub blocks files larger than 100 MiB.
 To track files beyond this limit, you must use Git Large File Storage (Git LFS). For more information, see About Git Large File Storage .
 If you need to distribute large files within your repository, you can create releases on GitHub.com instead of tracking the files. For more information, see Distributing large binaries .
 Git is not designed to handle large SQL files. To share large databases with other developers, we recommend using a file sharing service.
 Repository size limits
 We recommend repositories remain small, ideally less than 1 GB, and less than 5 GB is strongly recommended. Smaller repositories are faster to clone and easier to work with and maintain. If your repository excessively impacts our infrastructure, you might receive an email from GitHub Support asking you to take corrective action. We try to be flexible, especially with large projects that have many collaborators, and will work with you to find a resolution whenever possible. You can prevent your repository from impacting our infrastructure by effectively managing your repository's size and overall health. You can find advice and a tool for repository analysis in the github/git-sizer repository.
 External dependencies can cause Git repositories to become very large. To avoid filling a repository with external dependencies, we recommend you use a package manager. Popular package managers for common languages include Bundler , Node's Package Manager , and Maven . These package managers support using Git repositories directly, so you don't need pre-packaged sources.
 Git is not designed to serve as a backup tool. However, there are many solutions specifically designed for performing backups, such as Arq , Carbonite , and CrashPlan .
 Removing files from a repository's history
 Warning
 These procedures will permanently remove files from the repository on your computer and GitHub.com. If the file is important, make a local backup copy in a directory outside of the repository.
 Removing a file added in the most recent unpushed commit
 If the file was added with your most recent commit, and you have not pushed to GitHub.com, you can delete the file and amend the commit:
 Open Terminal Terminal Git Bash .
 Change the current working directory to your local repository.
 To remove the file, enter git rm --cached :
 $ git rm --cached GIANT_FILE
 # Stage our giant file for removal, but leave it on disk
 Commit this change using --amend -CHEAD :
 $ git commit --amend -CHEAD
 # Amend the previous commit with your change
 # Simply making a new commit won 't work, as you need
 # to remove the file from the unpushed history as well
 Push your commits to GitHub.com:
 $ git push
 # Push our rewritten, smaller commit
 Removing a file that was added in an earlier commit
 If you added a file in an earlier commit, you need to remove it from the repository's history. To remove files from the repository's history, we recommend the git filter-repo command. For more information see Removing sensitive data from a repository .
 Alternatively, if you don't want to install an additional tool, you could use an interactive rebase to remove problematic commits. To do this:
 You must know which commit(s) added or modified the file in question.
 The commit(s) must be part of only one branch.
 The one branch that the commits belong to must have had no merges since the commit(s) were applied.
 For more information about interactive rebases, see Using Git rebase on the command line . If you are unsure if you meet the necessary conditions for fixing with an interactive rebase, you should use git filter-repo .
 Distributing large binaries
 If you need to distribute large files within your repository, you can create releases on GitHub.com. Releases allow you to package software, release notes, and links to binary files, for other people to use. For more information, visit About releases .
 We don't limit the total size of the binary files in the release or the bandwidth used to deliver them. However, each individual file must be smaller than the maximum file size limit for Git LFS on your plan. See About Git Large File Storage .
 Back to top
 Help and support
 Was this Doc helpful?
 Yes No
 Help us make GitHub Docs great!
 All Docs are open source. See something that's wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request.
 Make a contribution
 Still need help?
 Ask the GitHub community Contact support Expert services Blog
 GitHub Inc. © 2026 Terms Privacy Status Pricing
