

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS
MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO 2026 REMOTE DEBUGGER, INTELLITRACE COLLECTOR, other DEBUGGERS, AGENTS and BUILD TOOLS
Last Updated: October 1, 2025
These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates). They apply to the software named above. The terms also apply to any Microsoft services or updates for the software, except to the extent those have different terms.
Unless otherwise stated, these license terms remain in effect for this version of the software and any updates or revisions released. Microsoft may update or modify these license terms at any time. It is your responsibility to regularly review the license terms and any related announcements. The most current version of the license terms will always be available at https://aka.ms/VisualStudioLicenses. By continuing to use the software after changes are posted, you agree to the updated terms.
BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.
IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.
INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.
The software is licensed as a supplement to Visual Studio Community, Visual Studio Professional, and Visual Studio Enterprise (collectively, “Visual Studio Products”). Use of the software requires a valid license to one of the Visual Studio Products.
You may install and use any number of copies of the software to develop, build, and test your applications created with Visual Studio Products.
With a valid license to Visual Studio Products you may also install and use the software to develop, build, and test applications with Visual Studio Code.
Separately, if you don’t have a valid license to any of the Visual Studio Products you may still install and use copies of the software to compile and build C++ components that (i) have been released by a third party under an open-source software license approved by the Open Source Initiative; and (ii) are also reasonably required to build your applications (“Open Source Dependencies”).
You may not use the software pursuant to subsection (d) to develop and test Open Source Dependencies, except, and only to the extent, minor modifications are necessary so that the Open Source Dependencies can be compiled and built with the software. For purposes of this agreement “minor modifications” are defined as modifications that do not significantly change the functionality of the Open Source Dependency. These modifications do not affect the overall structure of the Open Source Dependency. Examples of “minor modifications” include fixing typos, changing variable names, or changing options in a build script.
TERMS FOR SPECIFIC COMPONENTS.
Utilities. The software contains items on the Utilities List at https://aka.ms/vs/18/utilities. You may copy and install those items onto your devices to debug and deploy your applications and databases you developed with Visual Studio Products. The Utilities are designed for temporary use. Microsoft may not be able to patch or update Utilities separately from the rest of the software. Some Utilities by their nature may make it possible for others to access the devices on which the Utilities are installed. You should delete all Utilities you have installed after you finish debugging or deploying your applications and databases. Microsoft is not responsible for any third party use or access of devices, or of the applications or databases on devices, on which Utilities have been installed.
Build Devices and Visual Studio Build Tools. You may copy and install files from the software onto your build devices, including physical devices and virtual machines or containers on those machines, whether on-premises or remote machines that are (i) owned by you, (ii) hosted on Microsoft Azure for you, or (iii) under the day-to-day management and control of an Authorized Outsourcer (as defined below) and dedicated solely to your use (collectively, “Build Devices”). You and others in your organization may use these files on your Build Devices solely to compile, build, and verify (i) applications developed by using Visual Studio Products, (ii) applications developed by using Visual Studio Code if you also have a valid license to a Visual Studio Product, and (iii) Open Source Dependencies, and run quality or performance tests of those applications and Open Source Dependencies as part of the build process.
“Authorized Outsourcer” means any third party service provider that is not a Listed Provider and is not using Listed Provider as a Data Center Provider as part of the outsourcing service.
“Listed Providers” include entities identified by Microsoft at http://aka.ms/listedproviders. Microsoft may identify additional Listed Providers at http://aka.ms/listedproviders from time to time; however, if you are using an outsourcer at the time its Authorized Outsourcer status is terminated, then you may temporarily continue to use the same entity in its former Authorized Outsourcer capacity for one year from the date of that change in status.
“Data Center Provider” means an entity that provides infrastructure or software services, directly or indirectly, to another service provider. Microsoft may also serve as a Data Center Provider through Microsoft Azure.
Microsoft Platforms. The software may include components from Microsoft Windows; Microsoft Windows Server; Microsoft SQL Server; Microsoft Exchange; Microsoft Office; and Microsoft SharePoint, or other Microsoft software. These components are governed by separate agreements and their own product support policies, as described in the Microsoft “Licenses” folder accompanying the software, except that, if license terms for those components are also included in the associated installation directory, those license terms control.
Third Party Components. The software may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the notices file(s) accompanying the software.
DATA.
Data Collection. The software may collect information about you and your use of the software, and send that information to Microsoft (“Usage Data”). Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may opt-out of many of these scenarios, but not all, as described in the software documentation. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at https://aka.ms/privacy. You can learn more about data collection and its use from the software documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
Processing of Personal Data. To the extent Microsoft is a processor or subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Microsoft makes the commitments in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation Terms of the Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum to all customers effective May 25, 2018, at https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/gdpr.
Data Sharing with GitHub. If you give Feedback about the software to Microsoft, and Microsoft determines that your feedback directly relates to Copilot, Microsoft may, without charge, share the Feedback and Usage Data with GitHub, and you give to GitHub (i) the right to use, share, and commercialize your Feedback in any way and for any purpose, and (ii) the right to use Usage Data for the purpose of improving GitHub offerings.
SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. These license terms only give you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in these license terms. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. For example, if Microsoft technically limits or disables extensibility for the software, you may not extend the software by, among other things, loading or injecting into the software any non-Microsoft add-ins, macros, or packages; modifying the software registry settings; or adding features or functionality equivalent to that found in Microsoft products and services. In addition, you may not:
work around any technical limitations in the software;
reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and only to the extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open source components that may be included with the software;
remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software;
use the software in any way that is against the law;
share, publish, rent, lease, or otherwise distribute the software or any of its code; or
provide the software as a stand-alone offering or combined with any of your applications for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.
FEEDBACK. If you give feedback, suggestions, or recommendations (collectively, “Feedback”) about the software to Microsoft, you give to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share, and commercialize your Feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give Feedback that is a third party’s confidential information or subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties because we include your Feedback in them. These rights survive this agreement.
SUPPORT. Because the software is “as is”, we may not provide support services for it.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT. These license terms, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.
COMPLIANCE WITH TRADE LAWS. Microsoft products, software, technology, and services (“Items”) may be subject to U.S. and other countries’ export jurisdictions. Each party will comply with all laws and regulations applicable to the import or export of the Items, including, without limitation, trade laws of the U.S., EU, and UK, such as the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control, the EU Dual Use Regulation 2021/821, and/or other end-user, end use, and destination restrictions (“Trade Laws”) as well as the global legal compliance standards detailed in the Microsoft Standards of Business Conduct. You will not, and will ensure your Affiliates will not, take any action that causes Microsoft to violate applicable Trade Laws. Microsoft may suspend or terminate this agreement immediately without notice to the extent that Microsoft reasonably believes that performance would cause it to violate Trade Laws or put it at risk of becoming subject to sanctions and penalties under such laws. You remain responsible for its and for your Affiliates’ compliance with this section. For additional information, see www.microsoft.com/exporting.
You must ensure that you, any of your directors or officers, or to the best of your knowledge, your employees or agents, Affiliates, or Affiliates’ directors, officers, employees, or agents are not sanctioned persons designated under applicable Trade Laws.
You shall provide Microsoft with prompt written notice if you or any of your Affiliates receive notice from any government agency of any investigation, inquiry, or proceeding for any actual or alleged noncompliance of or with any Trade Laws related to activities subject to this Agreement.
You shall comply with global use restrictions in Microsoft’s product or service terms relevant to this agreement, as updated from time to time.
You shall not make available Microsoft Items to any entity or individual designated on any export or sanctions restriction lists under Trade Laws, in each case, without specific government authorization required by Trade Laws.
For the purposes of this Section 8, “Affiliate” means any legal entity that directly or indirectly owns, is owned by, or is commonly owned with the applicable party. “Own” means having more than 50% ownership or the right to direct the management of the entity.
APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law applies to interpretation of, and claims for breach of these license terms, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.
CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. These license terms describe certain legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software. These license terms do not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or if mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:
Australia. You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in these license terms is intended to affect those rights.
Canada. You may stop receiving updates on your device by turning off Internet access. If and when you re-connect to the Internet, the software will resume checking for and installing updates. The product documentation, if any, may also specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.
Germany and Austria.
Warranty. The properly licensed software will perform substantially as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software. However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the licensed software.
Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.
Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Microsoft will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of these license terms, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of these license terms and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS”. YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.
This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.
It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.

Please note: As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.
Remarque: Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.
EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert « tel quel ». Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et péril. Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.
LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.
Cette limitation concerne:
tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers; et
les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.
Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître l’éventualité d’un tel dommage. Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.
EFFET JURIDIQUE. Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays. Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.

EULAID: VS2026_Tools_ENU.1033
